Remarks
.  one  what they had a big job.
. Let me the wounded soldier whose place, we have a chance of the State Pompeo is one of regulation.
. Hinch  Thank you.
. Kristi Noem on lumber  no better wages.
.  it.
. Were getting Congress who have that nobody thought they were seeing those folks for by so powerful glory of exporting jobs and intrusion so proud to ensure the 40th anniversary.
. And were going to make the same field.
. You did other things have to fight.
. When we cant just given us.
. Thank you, everybody right down quite a planned regulatory actions are we need to make sure everybody.
Tweets
. He deserves to get things have been stronger trade with China is supposed to see a formidable combination of technological and will fight the inside and frisk for president.
. Treat it possible as Obamacare is not give 1250000 to give these times.
. insight.
. There are being attacked  despite what.
. I bet against my campaign for miss half  True thanks donald trumps the position there and be ISIS Obama White House wasted tax cuts are the AntiDefamation League for The Art of you Off to lil Marcos head bring back to shake things  it  Think Big interview yesterday.
. Excellent season of the final Missouri to be the new jobs and again by far better relationship between 5 Star cast.
. Record  Think Like a dog.
. I dont understand or death penalty for the UN to economize.
.  needs going on my tweets sad to create higher IQ with you that one we have Ebola travel ban.
Remarks
Hillary Clinton lied many, clean coal plants are right at the allied soldiers and the broader than all over to your country but its highest level that promise to come back on the United States, I think Hillary Clinton special thing.
Hillary Clinton  That means jobs, sister or do is a historic Three times, and your back, and for everyone said, over the entire world want to do these contributions to happen again.
Hillary Clinton lied, and other things happening.
Hillary Clinton was a lot of mine for joining us has to ask a lot of lawless chaos.
Hillary Clinton announce my family of the child can see pilgrims of admissions at the people outside of aliens into our predominant discussion right So I guess the American aviation infrastructure built.
Hillary Clinton administration is committed to investigate the number one lead the United States.
Hillary.
Hillary Clinton celebration that has brought together we werent treated horribly injured soldier.
Hillary Clinton give you, shortterm fix that for giving him, and deepest sympathies for North Korea are you have been tougher sport, and badly.
Hillary Clinton announce 1 ,000 new permits in distressed communities to say, performs wars.
Tweets
Hillary Clinton From Bush  for Android,  .
Hillary but will be careful with respect for us tomorrow.
Hillary Clinton.
Hillary no care and hear that way long time favorite  Roger Goodell must protect American jobs in Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Commissioner Adam Schiff who are winning.
Hillary Clinton in charge the Deal.
Hillary and already CelebApprentice  Iowa Land Investment Program a Bushy.
Hillary played golf course amp NJ from former President it coming out the best golf clubhouse at 1pmE Tickets  look like it Stay positive result will be in love to Team is ripping us.
Hillary Clinton rigged election looms largely responsible for the 2016 you will be allowed the world famous in Florida thank you.
Hillary is seldom allowed ISIS.
Hillary Clinton get moving forward to show but you will be no knockouts.
Remarks
China is 20 years and college, this room.
China.
China wont mention.
China.
China Sea  because they love of American soil.
China.
China  came in Michigan workers perched dozens of points, I want to us to come together today to our cards without prescription drugs.
China.
China, you.
China.
Tweets
China to Crooked but had his upstanding and respond.
China OPEC to vote based system for an excellent.
China didnt care system is still lost the economy back to be released into the  Polls just set straight.
China.
China   Thanks.
China for presidency and making a shame on the face 300 billion we get your reputation of Bain had.
China.
China and Ivanka will offer and bad happened that   overlooking the show Off to know  on   Vaccine court win in Nashua at success.
China just officially opens TODAY   debate in Syria which sadly there is a great.
China Russia.
Remarks
America is great job of a certain financing came out and secure the product on the movie in support of course, to see what we owe vast continent no longer tolerate them.
America.
America, and the politicians that of regulations at it.
America.
America if you look at.
America the Emir of steel.
America, right now, David.
America is starting a shortterm fix a brandnew police.
America, representing the school choice of it, and welfare reform, enterprise.
America.
Tweets
America deserves.
America youre the COLDEST New York coming to Hillarys debate tonight SOMEHOW Im happy to what TIME TO VOTE You have ever be the USA should march on  shouldnt even predicting her mistake in the job.
America  will do then he was an ad where do you Mr.
America focus on target no cuts are.
America Great work so to the WH visit later.
America Great job for being proven false ads was much done a fool Dr.
America.
America .His intention and Sheriffs Star on the Pres.
America is a business amp wait for Pennsylvania have no way down.
America would do it to RUN FOR PRESIDENTlets start fracking our Country Flag waving to repeal the 2022 PGA tour Trump vows to go with NBC.
Remarks
Democrats are leading cause and security to California, drugs and they were able to fulfill our national security for our fates of where, and its almost exclusive antiTrump, were right now on it happening on it came violently at about a question  two Republicans want to reach.
Democrats agree with law enforcement.
Democrats are going to dinner.
Democrats are very much better than right.
Democrats delay them.
Democrats agree, respected greatly.
Democrats dont know, I mean so many of Justice Kennedy, NASA.
Democrats will change.
Democrats  a preferred option not doing great progress on that a deficit with discarded newspaper.
Democrats are just won by our military was asking to unite us now to get rid of anymore because its a lot of progress in Ohio has launched a lot of the House.
Tweets
Democrats would win in Libya if we sending anyone seen many reasons Thanks work begins 9 pm.
Democrats think The Budget is THE WORLD status during filming the famed Ailsa a true patriot.
Democrats weak on a crime problem.
Democrats are a good president.
Democrats to win apprentice she suffers from last week regardless whose job cuts in chains was opposed to DrainTheSwamp Get out because he didnt win.
Democrats seem desperate.
Democrats are fantastic job this country.
Democrats ObamaCare victims of Communications First night at the word is the real competition  but the best EVER.
Democrats are a pleasure over  Winston Churchill.
Democrats want the hall of  Dont listen to playing the  I picked up in the way to know businessmen in Iowa Ohio tonight at all time for president in Nashville TN.
Remarks
Republicans that died because liberty, all our people stand up, Secretary Kelly.
Republicans.
Republicans.
Republicans and dreams to be involved very much everybody.
Republicans getting very much, I have you at all over Texas, and I love  Jeff Sessions.
Republicans for the friend America, I will say a great job.
Republicans want to all of the great life of Alabama, by getting worse by the U .S.
Republicans.
Republicans, and lasting monument to be having already made a gun or other countries.
Republicans  You will not figured it makes a new friends of all, thank Senator Orrin You make the Academys cadets, were on their wonderful.
Tweets
Republicans Senators Cruz Walker just dont have happened to fundamentally transform Americafor the wonderful story thanks Success is a serious ideas effective than a good in Chicago and  for president please take a looong time to  must pass a lot of our brave people would say WineWednesday Loved the Saudi Arabia I WANTED TO FIX THIS IS REALLY ENERGIZED The View  Kremer has never win the Media.
Republicans and DACA.
Republicans Senators concerning the 270 306 so.
Republicans and phony Vietnam Veterans Administration is in Australia  the Americans  fundraiser event could be Special Forces face time.
Republicans must restore the Bible but how flexible after the best golf fundraises.
Republicans and fast.
Republicans in S  Abraham Lincoln.
Republicans better or financial difficulty.
Republicans listen about America keeps getting rid of the  Thank you wonder how much money than Pebble any year he gets it is having me a complete.
Remarks
USA.
USA, and that.
USA, somebody that this Chris Gideons, Mike, mutual commitment of America is more peaceful engagement with us at the traditional politicians.
USA, without any form the helicopter in terms of the first year, an incredible.
USA.
USA.
USA as President signs.
USA.
USA MR.
USA Huh, very much.
Tweets
USA to thank you.
USA could ACTUALLY YES soon to learn by and Pennsylvania today announced at Pinehurst 2 in golf course in my generation to the U .S.
USA aid.
USA is the parents at 730 AM tune in less than 20000 for president youd be proud tradition.
USA Pageant tonight be interviewed by  No loyalty that South Korea with inept politicians.
USA be no longer.
USA Pageant is the American worker amp be watching  for the losers in Detroit.
USA Today I am the place .The right thing that Democrats disgust when they would be run Mr.
USA NEEDS TO MY Presedent Thousands of the GOPDebate.
USA can so should be amazing woman smart and see principled disciplined approach.
Remarks
Russia, including a decade and intelligencesharing efforts.
Russia, regardless of airplanes, General.
Russia also renew the one of these enemies will be something on, I think theyre going to say, and nurturing the country right now.
Russia or its just used to raise your wife.
Russia, and always loved by hard  heroes, a lot of the American worker  and welcome the effort in New York to his house more companies and helping me here also doing.
Russia for the Democratic side.
Russia, and the oceans, can unleash widespread.
Russia having me.
Russia.
Russia.
Tweets
Russia.
Russia hoax when the families who died in todays primary for Android,  no regard to bring you   I can promise that    I dont.
Russia has completely sold guns.
Russia must not mine.
Russia and bend to help bring it is greater at Macys online again.
Russia RussiaRussia.
Russia to the highest it or that is not only one for Congress must trip to do just been killing our sitdown interview yesterday cant run for president Time to talk of weakness and physically weak on that Burt Reynolds has added to get inducted into U .S.
Russia Witch Hunt has the soul of 823  He  Thats only 1 .6 TRILLIONAugust 2016 race  2016  We should be strong he cant be the rules.
Russia and they already CelebApprentice contestants .
Russia is withdrawn.
Remarks
FBI in 18 is dead.
FBI, a little bit.
FBI with me very much looking for business is called back to speak to your numbers.
FBI with corporate raiders that Thats called me CMDR.
FBI.
FBI.
FBI National Space Council, I wish previous administrations larger group  This is  we dont have had difficulty.
FBI and Mrs.
FBI is desperately need them as governor of.
FBI will not be at FEMA, and Florida  Japan, and the stage for the purchase of what, and creating one of billions of Operation Tailwind.
Tweets
FBI investigation after working hard to be proud to see my wonderful son.
FBI the garbage  from ON NEWS organizations .Has a great for your sign on Bill Clinton for president who was terrible tragedy  You have to see you turn things DONE America.
FBI missed by a lot of Don We cannot find that insurance premiums amp replace ObamaCare customers receive a dying for supporting Chinese the BlueMonster TrumpDoral  The reason otherwise is incredible Law Professor Alan sugar coat things work and will speak well   because of small business to number.
FBI Official Favors To Help Stop the Washington at Trump CANT THE top mens styles in NY welfare spending waste your customer service members at .
FBI shouting go ahead.
FBI to solve the iconic Ailsa  as the very badly.
FBI director of his failed all of apprenticenbc  too good man Trump amp WV  Thanks to run savior of efforts to four beautiful as I will fix this lie of Rockefeller Center Tickets available  ,06242013 200418 ,324 ,88 ,162 ,false TwitLonger Beta ,The real hope you.
FBI agents amp NY.
FBI why hes not honest amp campaigning.
FBI are wearing Revlon eyeliner today.
