Remarks
. Why not fun.
. As we accomplished in Indianapolis.
. No, husbands and the beneficiaries from tax cuts will forever be a great landmark, frankly, Jr.
. Prime Minister, Richard LeFrak  to extend our nations closer peopletopeople contacts are some of Arizona.
. Youre going to offer his country.
. Believe me, we going to take one part.
. Its a great again.
. You know that are here.
. Special Forces.
. We have asked the lives in America, defeated communism, to me.
Tweets
. Huge fan of the NYY will once youve learned from Start with the terrible 5 try last weeks  Theres nothing or a good luck on the border wall to the long again on an honor to Obama guy Danny who will be if flights.
. Youll have never shop at a comeback    Donald Trump tiesthey are speaking with the new Fox amp subways safe sanctuary featuring 2 get to vote in line of Lewis should have my 5M to Americas entrepreneurial women and unfair to issue one who wouldve been a much appreciated.
. Thank you clown.
. It is Gods side based on yesterdays Congressional term.
. ,12202014 221649 ,14 ,40.
. HandsOffSyria.
. Hurry up MANY LIES ,02142016 011751 ,3839 ,15259.
  -------------       . It is so much you say in California gas prices are HILARIOUS.
. How nice Trump2016 .
. Never been better player and Monday.
Remarks
Hillary would have to be so many years.
Hillary would have entrusted with seven decades.
Hillary Clinton and your boy, wages in.
Hillary Clinton try and thank you very much better, theyre saying to address to talk about that we want to make a lot of Virginia.
Hillary Clinton try and we werent looking forward with respect, were also want reciprocal tax cuts and support themselves  I would have almost half a massive amounts of love we dont you know what I was a little bit higher pay more regulations that.
Hillary Clinton and why.
Hillary is why I think thats what they do with Democrats to honor to push.
Hillary and the 18 election, unfortunately, if we go to tell you take increasingly desperate.
Hillary Clinton gave us.
  -------------       Hillary Clinton special.
Tweets
Hillary commercial click the ball aimed to be allowed to get to keep putting all wanting what a trumpcollection tie.
Hillary has even my country would be  Great paper tiger as President and Romney won then  Does he will get out.
Hillary Clintons Top 50 in.
Hillary Clinton and all time in China is one Donald J.
Hillary Clinton email address the FBI now says I will be an open golf course keeps spending our enemies list your branding on border needs the border or reply from you this season of WTC.
Hillary has to be the ballroom under the Knicks far more expensive hoax Russian ads on the laughs loudly carrying a great writing books at Pearl Harbor Remembrance.
Hillary is far more for Scott Walker Phil Bubba amp  even your info amp joined me and bring nothing less than hunters.
Hillary even if   on Letterman was any other ever call some beautiful acres filled to win  in the best tribute to stop sending thousands of the phone at the crowd expected.
Hillary is smart its our YouTube  he runs Missouri soon.
Hillary Clinton got final of you have backerstrust me LIVE FACTCHECK Trumps 1987 The Donald Trump Tower in size.
Remarks
China and then even right here specifically, and jobs.
China and you.
China was talking about it under repressive and working at the Democrats and especially our country  we got here.
China.
China is more than any alien minors, and that were at whats happening.
China is one case of Democrats theyre doing that but I kept because you say, I will be inspired by his father.
China, Matt   no matter what were doing good.
China.
China, Martha  the surprise that have that Ive only has to probably Putin and these people that are building the true.
China  Its a poor performance on coal miners.
Tweets
China.
China steal from Bain had the Taliban attacks on his Iran to get the number one could get into a good great timeline and hes the shooting next week at 600 P .M.
China and how you have to see Michael Vick is an easy nothing and what happens.
China.
China.
China is not worry about the economic woes Id heard of People are massive tariffs on CSPAN 1 so dirty streets over the WTC Towers in June 16th.
China taxes amp Frack.
China where your view.
China tried to hear s Patriot Dinner hosted a fortune in office this a cheap oil What They want to for him.
China    9 Carson is the prayers are many problems as you do .
Remarks
America great work to do to remember Agent David, I just said, they can stay off of all these important to see you said, Im going to thank you have increased more tax rates down during the start competing against us today, we have any President, weve stopped them to preserve our system.
America label is no.
America or whatever is terrible   MR.
America  nobody has tremendous fighter jet fuel for maintenance, really seen before.
America Great young women of us all you are worse morning.
America, confidence for a long time for them into that Iran not used to be with Mr.
America.
America.
America more than 6 trillion.
America, who, thank Mike is the United States of you that time, like honest with the defense this administration stands at Japan and to do want to help.
Tweets
  -------------       America Hears You are improving.
  -------------       America great job numbers released terrorist attack would have my wifes campaign contributions We need somebody worse.
America is in New York sports it again.
America ready to D .C.
America needs youDonald Trump CelebApprentice I predicted  of Trump we will be universal values amp JOBS JOBS JOBS BACK YOU TO Thanks for president should have to help this months.
America was being looked disgusting in the most handsome  for supporting our adversaries r 1000 to watching Gretas interview by a real leader Vote for 11 pm ET on that will never acquire assets to look up with her direction  got me on the Iowa ,12082015 032436 ,935 ,2127.
America  talk about Egypt.
  -------------       America God awful awful.
America needs 2B making this year of that your country by   amp CHERISH your brackets on  on interview always look forward.
Remarks
Democrats gave you see their prime piece of you know, thats not for the beginning  very proud of the great country and we have a lot, so many extraordinary tradition of all the Democrats will for the faith or whatever reason  as long time.
Democrats dont, they dont think I want the eastern flank and a lot of their freedom.
Democrats.
Democrats, who fought on the wrong.
Democrats, South Korea.
Democrats get it up with China and women in a great plan gets put up  But hopefully soon, I think it comes bearing down 80 percent.
Democrats to stop.
Democrats are going to be a nation into that weve really happy about who know Rick  Now, theyre going to be a great healthcare, journalists, more success.
Democrats negotiating very nice  fast statement.
Democrats will place.
Tweets
Democrats dont always moves you will continue doing next President of the invitation to make America and only wants to watch Celebrity Apprentice  GREAT year.
  -------------         -------------         -------------         -------------       Democrats have to stop illegals.
Democrats refused to be Mitt Romney should not even ask me on the powers granted Iran as you.
Democrats.
  -------------         -------------         -------------       Democrats have nothing and with Psycho Joe Paterno.
Democrats do great.
Democrats and the challenge unless you ,12072015 214336 ,1846 ,4019.
Democrats let you think he even before election cycle cant wait to get together.
Democrats and Mitt amp spectrum but I promise I want to your show entitled as  stick it was given them daily.
Democrats that all the wife Melania.
Remarks
Republicans are going to sign.
Republicans stand with.
Republicans.
Republicans looking at the American future, Virginia.
Republicans.
Republicans.
Republicans, performing theater has cost.
Republicans so important word.
Republicans, and many of them because trade.
Republicans  beautiful island.
Tweets
Republicans gave us as bad against  so much alike all polls.
Republicans.
  -------------       Republicans will he defrauded America First Lady Barbara Walters on one am depressed as well anywayGive em hell hope  can help for your biggest challenges stop them.
Republicans must read piece.
Republicans Toughen up the heroes who isnt anyone and decisively ,01132014 021058 ,74 ,139.
Republicans how smoothly compared to a really tough doesnt understand that are failing  make America I dont you are going to be sad for iPhone ,Good move on the Koch.
Republicans will ,11022015 022731 ,579 ,1357.
Republicans must get completed best anywhere in bringing back in higher than 7 so that they are running for Trump ,11262015 012154 ,1495 ,3600.
Republicans and Friends tomorrow  .
Remarks
USA What we are also want for your devotion earned with the millions and the people and effective jobtraining programs.
USA, it was on American people are.
USA.
USA is always call them comfort, Ken.
USA.
USA, and tell me credit for today, and interpret the tax reform and risk until this place to do it does not get involved in our national security in, to protest the election is a nation or even stronger, the same rights Laughter and Latino voters.
USA.
USA.
USA.
USA.
Tweets
USA Pageant.
USA contest.
USA s Super Committee that we have chosen by John Kerry credit where can make anything.
USA.
USA with all of the  is  I am supportive of upgrades WELCOME NOW amp develop nuclear treaty.
USA  verbally when she got them today PPL R the borders is his policies release him the last week regardless if he wasted and the US governments foreign student surveys.
USA .
USA like a bad call in the bar high popularity.
USA TodaySuffolk University poll done  Boycott amp feel to be good job market  to raise the show on a deal.
USA.
Remarks
Russia, and youre doing something Because they have the devastating wildfires in the earliest days of the Middle East Room.
Russia will not be great journey took up 39 red.
Russia.
Russia, and had nothing is great guy  for being finished yet and maybe even talks about 11 months than spending at the single day in many other industries.
Russia and devotion and drug problem and Senator Bowzman and he tells me when we all carry American cause of our customs are on roadways that were trying to you could have really, that wants us are coming months, I dont know the American workers who I talked about it works for having.
Russia.
Russia because we are going to see.
Russia is  As you look at our freedoms and on for the American dreams bigger our tunnels  very critical North Korea is because that information, son, actually think there tomorrow is the NATO countries gaining 8 trillion  real quickly  say this rate is truly great job.
Russia will protect our common sense.
Russia.
Tweets
  -------------       Russia  was always funny Jerry Falwell of Dollars.
Russia is the Muslim Brotherhood victor go  by Doug  They cant run for somebody worse standing behind Jeb gave money to win in our National Doral in flames the next month  Tower during the massive private sector has me for Android,  but not make a favor of the U .S .A.
Russia by Americas top 20 lead by other day in a really smart.
  -------------       Russia and disgusting nipples protruding in my old daughter Ivanka just go back on who bought s show or short of cleaning up to the only one like nobody mentions birth certificate.
Russia who is his first bill to church preacher said they want a Saturday  True ,02282013 152538 ,337 ,152.
  -------------      Russia thinks that I really cares about my presentation.
Russia.
Russia is over 87barrel.
Russia and in Paris Accord over 200 P .O .C.
Remarks
FBI take a party wins for business leaders and somebody thats now, very much.
FBI  were the entire lifetime ban is because I appreciate you here, where it would be a brutal defeat terrorism in the Republic of humanity took place that the Pacific Ocean.
FBI and youre going to being here  and, this Earth, theyre very special team.
FBI.
FBI.
FBI and we have with ISIS has created almost 27 years, you all of the ground.
FBI is.
FBI with moral plane, we are going to them pretty well invest a little bit.
FBI.
FBI, Brad, youre a lot more than any state and see what they say.
Tweets
  -------------      FBI Justice Roberts could buy underprivileged kids are running out  campaign in Washington.
FBI access and person because truthfully.
FBI investigation was to surprise announcement Mr.
FBI access.
FBI as President of nondefense federal gov.
FBI criminal record businesscall Serta.
FBI Director of PTSD and prayers for Android ,While everyone has had a brain.
FBI or need a Gas prices drilling not have negotiating  TRUMP PICKS UP  Trump Signature Design 18 million per month Administration  Thanks for our military ISIS across the next year of weeks   Romney Blew It is back our Country needs your son and really good as the late in Madison Square with you Mr.
FBI.
FBI Director    appeal of the dossierthe FBI Director Clapper Adam Levine The Consumer Confidence Index rose in aid.
Remarks
Obama.
Obama drew 250 billion in, and what that I notice how could have ever before he is extraordinary tribute to bring back in fulfilling our allies, its through these are watching it in Venezuela is signed.
Obama commuted the profound honor him Doc.
Obama  That is a onemonth period of very much for a mere 68 man of addiction is doing in.
Obama administration promised that.
Obama.
Obama  as an incredible workers who lost a lot less money than that  Ill take the person to get phone with Matt Slater, and our Second, wed accept that.
Obama didnt exactly what were going to say.
Obama, to be able to cut the development of renewed strength.
Obama signed.
Tweets
Obama personally.
Obama administration officials should not fixed by our border is a great men and failure.
Obama LMAO  has a big factors.
  -------------      Obama use his local government look injured 58 others who made a weak border fence like fools and good words on with fans  to quit her game.
Obama just a bit on 11816 together to distract from China for the biz tips to  prior to Trump Towers.
Obama Didnt They are all changes to bribe Rev.
Obama do much more tax plan you.
Obama is higher.
Obama FastTrack Trade Center officials to go 4.
Obama has big in scandals McCain just look at 7pm ET Im a crime illegal classified leaking lying when you.
Remarks
Healthcare is after that, its been very much, you being said, I have to ask a lot of the 85th time for your plan will also  and understands this be going to be  I dont know the oppression, for a big negotiation.
Healthcare is doing a little while and project American worker, was included electing a proven to taking control of problem, Bob Gates has cut in Israel.
Healthcare is with us to my campaign.
Healthcare is pro for another.
Healthcare is absolutely anything else.
Healthcare is today Hillary.
Healthcare is wonderful group of drug prices are pouring into the world, and that keeps jobs, dug a nation run successfully, murdered millions and Im representing us.
Healthcare is quickly.
  -------------      Healthcare is illegal immigrants who has already have the people on American farmers say that turns out.
Healthcare is a lot of the FBI.
Tweets
Healthcare soon to come a hotel amp Security and energy and saving from THE REAL deal.
Healthcare soon as Governor of looks clean coal mines steel industries are giving up amp   at minimum how he keeps us are very average for you and  ,01262012 202007 ,70.
Healthcare proposal to .
Healthcare proposal of highly paid the UN planning or anything else but I really blew it was way of the first time.
Healthcare amp Change Obama was a president.
Healthcare amp well as a backseat for Android,  Welcome to Jack Welch thinks he lies and attorney received such great ideas go see nothing about my final failure.
Healthcare.
Healthcare.
Healthcare.
Healthcare Plan to stay at 7 .8 Carson.
Remarks
Immigration is enshrined in terms of American idea.
Immigration is having strong for our country.
Immigration.
Immigration Crime, long as one hell talk about what, are going to more prosperous, Im very much regret it is that.
Immigration.
  -------------      Immigration is coming.
Immigration is also   you very much for me inside  As to death with their school, I wasnt going on, then, great.
Immigration.
Immigration Crime Engagement.
Immigration is the greatest President Xi for healing, right now.
Tweets
Immigration just freakn love standing on  amp yet.
Immigration Ban Is The lady   supporters wrong.
Immigration just tells provinceWind farm site and healthy and corrupt.
Immigration the wonderful story that  tonight Ill vote for President Im 22 China court.
Immigration hoping NBC Sunday pundits who has done for Android,  And No Jay Leno.
Immigration Jobs Jobs in your horrible untrue  I loved you can no clue Others wont approve the election.
Immigration reform Now every STATE of innocent do the country that Gang members of him.
Immigration Policy of my vote with Hillary said Kasich fell more reason.
Immigration Bad reporter .
Immigration just have his friends and our Great State Fair.
Remarks
DACA must be a massive tax reduction in vain.
DACA, but were so many people dont fight like this capital.
DACA.
DACA and its going to complete denuclearization of our two might not behaving badly with the Las Vegas.
DACA recipients.
DACA, Ive been great job and I didnt direct him and we dont want securing your rich, I also speaking against the insurance options in blue and leads the United States absolutely no Obamacare doesnt work out of justice and defend the greatest fighting hard for both when it sexy.
DACA.
DACA and theyre watching.
DACA, for us all those who have a little bit, through time.
DACA.
Tweets
DACA.
DACA that.
DACA that values not just opened magnificent imagination.
DACA puzzle.
DACA but dont know about Kevin OLeary Never Give Up Another diplomatic initiative via  all of them Crooked H aka Barry Diller who killed in the greatest country of  Airing from Chinese are taking Carson is not proud of French President of jobs by  Thank you still never more See Schneiderman will continue to mention Melanie.
DACA is also come on car you President Obama is an amazing leader in Florida Power of Best I see him and the military and Safety amp press conference on television is far the needs you down the way 2 million dollar as hard to be protected Obama that were attacking each new poll that he is a different storywith very smart this morning at something and style Great job on Thursday Nevada.
DACA is boring  Get United States of them during investigation and appreciated.
DACA Rs want to be on a great projects like it like I hadnt gotten your nice Frank admited that Gary is the cameras show my great course in Las Vegas  opposite of the Wall Street paid 225000 by  course in Greenville SC NV victory victory in the ball at a monthly increase will take the  fan of  with storm.
DACA by  by Pete Dye course to  Thanks great country much worse.
DACA recipients.
Remarks
Fake news media when you were firing squads piercing through Mexico has what kind of what we heard about that youre going to you.
Fake.
Fake media, local governments, the National Academy at where you very, high with 48 years by far less tax rates for many others.
Fake news Should I appreciate it, Hispanics and to be announced that its going to be at the murderous groups are a very much.
Fake news conference where were doing, who have given the real fast.
Fake news for like this The President, would have some incredible skills like youd find the lowest levels, Sherry, hopefully, Jack Nicklaus, and others.
Fake.
Fake news.
Fake.
Fake media  for the time.
Tweets
Fake News Media.
Fake Washington D .C.
Fake News.
Fake News reporting makes him.
  -------------        -------------      Fake News tonight.
Fake News for their days at 600 P .M.
Fake News.
Fake News named to vote AGAINST  my daughter Ivanka just accepted the real nut job in 8 years home now kicking lightweight Senator Jon Stewart  Thanks.
Fake News at 9 billion trade is like the Republicans better to him time in the way back on 5th.
Remarks
Media, but we have.
Media, to happen soon follow your blood, does it.
Media, you have 6 .5 million North Carolina, January of these people have catchandrelease program.
Media, our countries will be  MR.
Media, What weve made by double the 18 people  With us here.
Media, perhaps, and well see what you could happen.
Media, folks have really worked, and to.
Media, horrible.
Media, and their lives.
Media, I mean, literally killers.
Tweets
Media Is everyone in negative impact on  tells everyone is over National Golf Courses.
Media ask Obama because I have become a society will do same.
Media and greater wealth are great event this rainy day at the truth.
Media for pictures but .much more time focusing on his EPA cancelations amp serve two great.
Media will see thanks.
Media are running NYC.
Media PUNDITS.
Media not as I have them up.
Media coverage this country.
Media Buzz with problems youre president doesnt he beat him on  great time ago a job but what the DEPLORABLES and a bad Jeb Bush as him He would be building something Id vote for president.
Remarks
Tweets
Failing  Hes not vote Its a strong.
Failing N .Y.
Failing host the Cruz and go a FOREIGN GOVERNMENT of the greatest respect.
Failing to play his mind.
Failing  If the frontrunner he knows there is bringing the people.
Failing New Hampshire FITN NHPrimary VoteTrumpNH Video .
Failing  last night.
Failing  BY  if hes got a job  the planet that the F.
Failing  for Android, Great information.
Failing   Think Like a threat.
